- Why are Canadian media companies suing OpenAI and what is their main complaint?
	- They are suing because OpenAI regularly breaches copyright an terms of use by scraping large amounts of Canadian media content to develop its products (chatGPT). Therefor profiting and capitalizing on this without consent, or compensating, from the content owners. 
- Consider how you might copy material – how it is similar to and different from the ways OpenAI and similar AI companies copy and use material?
	- It seems pretty similar to just paraphrasing, which is a variation of copying. OpenAI is basically being a student that found a good piece of writing, then changed some stuff, then goes back, maybe to same link maybe to others, to check if it still fits
	- But there is a significant difference, I am very much under fair use, I don't go out and then announce that information for a fee to other people. This is what OpenAI is doing basically, but has not paid properly for the information, and they are using the information for commercial purposes.
	- 
- How does the lawyer (Kevin Siu of Gilbert’s LLP in Toronto) describe and explain fair dealing?
	- Fair dealing is also called users right. Can use it under a scope of regular activities, such as research, education. But this does not always apply, such as how commercially it is being used, and since they charge for pro and other models you can say it is for profit. 
- Does Kevin Siu seem to see fair dealing as a possible defence for Open AI? Why or why not?
	- He appears to think that it will not be used. This is because it is being commercially used, because they have a fee for their products therefor making a profit off of the information (and not just a tiny bit), thus differentiating it from fair use.
- Each country has its own copyright laws, though there are some similarities between countries. Are US court cases on the copyright issues related to training GenAI systems relevant to Canada, even though our laws and our court systems are different? Do you think a Canadian court case can refer to a US court decision, and if so, would there be limits to the impact a US decision can have in Canada?
	- It appears that it will be relevant to some extent, economically because they are a global company and globally they will have to deal with some lawsuits internationally, most likely having to pay settlements. Canadian laws are very different though and since they are based in the US not much will likely happen to the running, maybe they will limit the scraping of some Canadian sites but that would be the most of it. I think that a US decision will likely impact globally but a Canadian decision would not have that same impact.